Hello everyone, My name is WangKai. 
the thing in China that I would like to introduce to the world is Chinese spring festival. 

Chinese Spring Festival, also called Lunar New Year, has more than 4,000 years of history. Being one of the traditional Chinese festivals, it is the grandest and the most important festival for Chinese people. It is also the time for the whole families to get together, which is similar with Christmas Day to the westerners. Originating during the Shang Dynasty , Spring Festival is full of rich and colorful activities, and hopes about batter new life. People from different areas in China celebrate it by their onw different ways.

There are many legends about Spring Festival in Chinese culture. In folk culture, it is also called “guonian” meaning “passing a year”. It is said that the “nian” was a strong monster which was fierce and cruel and ate one kind of animal including human being a day. Human beings scared about it and had to hide on the evening when the “nian” came out. Later, people found that “nian” was very scared about the red color and fireworks. So after that, people use red color and fireworks or firecrackers to drive away “nian”. As a result, the custom of using red color and setting off fireworks remains.

Every family does a house cleaning and buy enough food, including fish, meat, roasted nuts and seeds, all kinds of candies and fruits, for the festival period. Also, new clothes must be bought, especially for children. 

Food during this happy event has its characteristics. Dumplings and the reunion dinner are indispensable at this time. Cold and hot dishes are all served. 

That is all of my presentation, thanks for your watching.